what are they cool your highness your
excellency Court right my name's Fiona
marry that in court
it's my lady you've come to change my
mind
my lady your son has leukemia
he's a refusing and blood transfusion
mixing your own blood with another
person is a rejection of God's gift
and if refusing should cause his death
then he'd take his place in the kingdom
of heaven on earth easy to say mr. Henry
when it's not your life harder to say
when it's your own son
he's dying for his faith is that going
to please God
this is a court of law not of morals but
somehow I've got to decide
given the unique circumstances of this
case I would like to hear from Adam
himself sure children my lady know the
law can take over your life fee we're
coming to bed tomorrow this is the
judgment you're the big authority on
family problems yeah when it comes to
your own you're like a sulky child
excuse me long day
why won't you have a blood transfusion
God has told us it's wrong why why is
anything wrong
dying being unfaithful in your marriage
we just know it in our hearts
do you remember how we were don't you
miss that if I decided the hospital can
legally transfuse you what would you
think see my lady was an interim
busybody
blood is the essence of what it means to
be human
I wish I could make you see this my
delicious adventure
what happened these days a child I don't
care if you think you're too grand
overrides my choice
your futures out there waiting for you
Adam remember all of life
[Music]